== Infos

Build: https://travis-ci.org/phoet/asin.png

ASIN is a simple, extensible wrapper for parts of the REST-API of Amazon Product Advertising API (aka Associates Web Service aka Amazon E-Commerce Service).

For more information on the REST calls, have a look at the whole Amazon E-Commerce-API[http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSECommerceService/latest/DG/index.html].

Have a look at the RDOC[http://rdoc.info/projects/phoet/asin] for this project, if you like browsing some docs.

The gem runs smoothly with Rails 3 and is tested against multiple rubies. See +.travis.yml+ for details.

== Installation

  gem install asin
  gem install httpclient # optional, see HTTPI
  gem install rash # optional, see Response Configuration

or in your Gemfile:

  gem 'asin'
  gem 'httpclient' # optional, see HTTPI
  gem 'rash' # optional, see Response Configuration

== Configuration

Rails style initializer (config/initializers/asin.rb):

  ASIN::Configuration.configure do |config|
    config.secret = 'your-secret'
    config.key    = 'your-key'
  end

Have a look at ASIN::Configuration class for all the details.

===API Changes

With the latest version of the Product Advertising API you need to include your associate_tag[https://affiliate-program.amazon.com/gp/advertising/api/detail/api-changes.html].

  ASIN::Configuration.configure do |config|
    config.secret        = 'your-secret'
    config.key           = 'your-key'
    config.associate_tag = 'your-tag'
  end

== Usage

ASIN is designed as a module, so you can include it into any object you like:

  # require and include
  require 'asin'
  include ASIN::Client
  
  # lookup an ASIN
  lookup '1430218150'

But you can also use the +instance+ method to get a proxy-object:

  # just require
  require 'asin'
  
  # create an ASIN client
  client = ASIN::Client.instance
  
  # lookup an item with the amazon standard identification number (asin)
  items = client.lookup '1430218150'
  
  # have a look at the title of the item
  items.first.title
  => Learn Objective-C on the Mac (Learn Series)
  
  # search for any kind of stuff on amazon with keywords
  items = search_keywords 'Learn', 'Objective-C'
  items.first.title
  => "Learn Objective-C on the Mac (Learn Series)"
  
  # search for any kind of stuff on amazon with custom parameters
  search :Keywords => 'Learn Objective-C', :SearchIndex => :Books
  items.first.title
  => "Learn Objective-C on the Mac (Learn Series)"
  
  # access the internal data representation (Hashie::Mash)
  item.raw.ItemAttributes.ListPrice.FormattedPrice
  => $39.99
  
  # search for similar items like the one you already have
  items = client.similar '1430218150'

There is an additional set of methods to support AWS cart operations:

  client = ASIN::Client.instance
  
  # create a cart with an item
  cart = client.create_cart({:asin => '1430218150', :quantity => 1})
  cart.items
  => [<#Hashie::Mash ASIN="1430218150" CartItemId="U3G241HVLLB8N6" ... >]
  
  # get an already existing cart from a CartId and HMAC
  cart = client.get_cart('176-9182855-2326919', 'KgeVCA0YJTbuN/7Ibakrk/KnHWA=')
  cart.empty?
  => false
  
  # clear everything from the cart
  cart = client.clear_cart(cart)
  cart.empty?
  => true
  
  # add items to the cart
  cart = client.add_items(cart, {:asin => '1430216263', :quantity => 2})
  cart.empty?
  => false
  
  # update items in the cart
  cart = client.update_items(cart, {:cart_item_id => cart.items.first.CartItemId, :action => :SaveForLater}, {:cart_item_id => cart.items.first.CartItemId, :quantity => 7})
  cart.saved_items
  => [<#Hashie::Mash ASIN="1430218150" CartItemId="U3G241HVLLB8N6" ... >]

It's also possible to access browse nodes:

  client = ASIN::Client.instance
  
  # create a cart with an item
  node = client.browse_node('163357', :ResponseGroup => :TopSellers)
  node.node_id
  => '163357'
  node.name
  => 'Comedy'

== Response Configuration

ASIN is customizable in the way it returns Responses from Amazon. 
By default it will return +SimpleItem+, +SimpleCart+ or +SimpleNode+ instances,
but you can override this behavior for using your custom Classes:

  client.configure :item_type => YourItemClass
  client.configure :cart_type => YourCartClass
  client.configure :node_type => YourNodeClass

You can also use built-in +:raw+, +:mash+ or +:rash+ types.
Since +rash+ is an additional library, you need to add it to your gemfile if you want to use it:

  gem 'rash'

== HTTPI

ASIN uses HTTPI[https://github.com/rubiii/httpi] as a HTTP-Client adapter.
See the HTTPI documentation for how to configure different clients or the logger.
As a default HTTPI uses _httpclient_ so you should add that dependency to your project:

  gem 'httpclient'

== Confiture

ASIN uses Confiture[https://github.com/phoet/confiture] as a Configuration gem.
See the Confiture documentation for different configuration styles.

== License

"THE BEER-WARE LICENSE" (Revision 42):
ps@nofail.de[mailto:ps@nofail.de] wrote this file. As long as you retain this notice you
can do whatever you want with this stuff. If we meet some day, and you think
this stuff is worth it, you can buy me a beer in return Peter Schröder
