create an account at https://secure.roundsphere.com

item = ASIN.lookup '1430218150', :AWSAccessKeyId => 'your-api-key'
item.title
=> Learn Objective-C on the Mac (Learn Series)

http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSEcommerceService/4-0/



#<ASIN::Item:0x10182af58 @h=<#Hashie::Mash ItemLookupResponse=<#Hashie::Mash Items=<#Hashie::Mash Item=<#Hashie::Mash ASIN="1430218150" DetailPageURL="http://www.amazon.com/Learn-Objective-ndash-Mac/dp/1430218150%3FSubscriptionId%3DAKIAJFA5X7RTOKFNPVZQ%26tag%3Dws%26linkCode%3Dxm2%26camp%3D2025%26creative%3D165953%26creativeASIN%3D1430218150" EditorialReviews=<#Hashie::Mash EditorialReview=<#Hashie::Mash Content="<p>Take your coding skills to the next level with this extensive guide to Objective\342\200\223C, the native programming language for developing sophisticated software applications for Mac OS X. Objective\342\200\223C is a powerful, object\342\200\223oriented extension of C, making this book the perfect follow\342\200\223up to <strong>Dave Mark</strong>\342\200\231s best\342\200\223selling <em>Learn C on the Mac, Mac OS X Edition</em>. Whether you\342\200\231re an experienced C programmer or you\342\200\231re coming from a different language such as C++ or Java, leading Mac experts <strong>Mark Dalrymple</strong> and <strong>Scott Knaster</strong> show you how to harness the powers of Objective\342\200\223C in your applications!</p>    <ul>    <li>A complete course on the basics of Objective\342\200\223C using Apple\342\200\231s free Xcode tools</li>    <li>An introduction to object\342\200\223oriented programming</li>    <li>Comprehensive coverage of inheritance, composition, object initialization, categories, protocols, memory management, and organizing source files</li>    <li>A brief tour of Cocoa\342\200\231s Foundation framework and AppKit</li>    <li>A helpful \342\200\234learning curve\342\200\235 guide for non\342\200\223C developers</li>    </ul>        <br>    <h3>What you\342\200\231ll learn</h3>    <ul>    <li>Learn Objective\342\200\223C programming, the gateway to programming your Mac or iPhone.</li>    <li>Write applications for the Mac OS X interface, the cleanest user\342\200\223interface around.</li>    <li>Understand variables and how to design your own data structures. </li>    <li>Work with the file system. </li>    <li>Connect to data sources and the Internet.</li>    </ul>     <br>    <h3>Who is this book for?</h3>        <p>For anyone wanting to learn to program native applications in Mac OS X, including developers new to the Mac, developers new to Objective\342\200\223C, or students entirely new to programming.</p>" Source="Product Description">> ImageSets=<#Hashie::Mash ImageSet=<#Hashie::Mash Category="primary" LargeImage=<#Hashie::Mash Height="500" URL="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41ilxvXS41L.jpg" Width="378"> MediumImage=<#Hashie::Mash Height="160" URL="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41ilxvXS41L._SL160_.jpg" Width="121"> SmallImage=<#Hashie::Mash Height="75" URL="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41ilxvXS41L._SL75_.jpg" Width="57"> SwatchImage=<#Hashie::Mash Height="30" URL="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41ilxvXS41L._SL30_.jpg" Width="23">>> ItemAttributes=<#Hashie::Mash Author=["Mark Dalrymple", "Scott Knaster"] Binding="Paperback" Brand="Apress" DeweyDecimalNumber="005.117" EAN="9781430218159" Edition="1st ed. 2009. Corr. 3rd printing" Feature=["ISBN13: 9781430218159", "Condition: NEW", "Notes: Brand New from Publisher. No Remainder Mark."] ISBN="1430218150" ItemDimensions=<#Hashie::Mash Weight="300"> Label="Apress" Languages=<#Hashie::Mash Language=[<#Hashie::Mash Name="English" Type="Unknown">, <#Hashie::Mash Name="English" Type="Original Language">, <#Hashie::Mash Name="English" Type="Published">]> ListPrice=<#Hashie::Mash Amount="3999" CurrencyCode="USD" FormattedPrice="$39.99"> MPN="978-1-4302-1815-9" Manufacturer="Apress" NumberOfItems="1" NumberOfPages="350" PackageDimensions=<#Hashie::Mash Height="102" Length="921" Weight="123" Width="701"> ProductGroup="Book" PublicationDate="2009-01-02" Publisher="Apress" Studio="Apress" Title="Learn Objective\342\200\223C on the Mac (Learn Series)"> LargeImage=<#Hashie::Mash Height="500" URL="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41ilxvXS41L.jpg" Width="378"> MediumImage=<#Hashie::Mash Height="160" URL="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41ilxvXS41L._SL160_.jpg" Width="121"> OfferSummary=<#Hashie::Mash LowestNewPrice=<#Hashie::Mash Amount="1678" CurrencyCode="USD" FormattedPrice="$16.78"> LowestUsedPrice=<#Hashie::Mash Amount="367" CurrencyCode="USD" FormattedPrice="$3.67"> TotalCollectible="0" TotalNew="38" TotalRefurbished="0" TotalUsed="30"> SalesRank="11074" SmallImage=<#Hashie::Mash Height="75" URL="http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41ilxvXS41L._SL75_.jpg" Width="57">> Request=<#Hashie::Mash IsValid="True" ItemLookupRequest=<#Hashie::Mash Condition="New" DeliveryMethod="Ship" IdType="ASIN" ItemId="1430218150" MerchantId="Amazon" OfferPage="1" ResponseGroup="Medium" ReviewPage="1">>> OperationRequest=<#Hashie::Mash Arguments=<#Hashie::Mash Argument=[<#Hashie::Mash Name="Operation" Value="ItemLookup">, <#Hashie::Mash Name="Service" Value="AWSECommerceService">, <#Hashie::Mash Name="XMLEscaping" Value="Double">, <#Hashie::Mash Name="Signature" Value="Hf8iKBz/3+RGXGLBz9o+s+xOppXKF93QTa6d3tpJpsk=">,


>>



